# Project Structure

## **Program** folder contains:

### **Display**
Contains code related to the display:
- **Inc**
    - `display.h` - Header file for display initialization and LVGL integration.
    - `ili9341.h` - Header file for the ili9341 driver.
    - `xpt2046.h` - Header file for the xpt2046 driver.
- **Src**
    - `display.c` - Implementation of display initialization and LVGL integration.
    - `ili9341.c` - Implementation of the ili9341 driver.
    - `xpt2046.c` - Implementation of the xpt2046 driver.

### **SignalsProcessing**
Contains code related to signal processing:
- **Inc**
    - `app_signal.h` - Header file for managing data acquired from ADC and signal generation through DAC, as well as digital signal processing algorithms like FFT.
    - `metal_detecting.h` - Header file for the metal detection algorithm.
- **Src**
    - `app_signal.c` - Implementation of managing data acquired from ADC and signal generation through DAC, as well as digital signal processing algorithms like FFT.
    - `metal_detecting.c` - Implementation of the metal detection algorithm.

### **Tasks**
Implementation of FreeRTOS tasks:
- **Inc**
    - `app_tasks.h` - Header file for tasks.
- **Src**
    - `app_tasks.c` - Implementation of tasks.

### **UI**
Modified user interface code utilizing LVGL generated by SquareLine:
- **Inc**
    - `ui.h` - Header file for user interface objects.
    - `ui_callbacks.h` - Header file for callbacks.
- **Src**
    - `ui.c` - Implementation of user interface objects.
    - `ui_callbacks.c` - Implementation of callbacks.
     
     